 

 Summary Prospectus 

 April 30, 2026 

 Sprott Funds Trust 

 Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF (NASDAQ: GBUG) 

 Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund’s prospectus, which contains more information about the Fund and its risks. You can find the Fund’s prospectus (including amendments and supplements) and other information about the Fund, including the Fund’s statement of additional information and shareholder reports, online at https://www.sprottetfs.com. You can also get this information at no cost by calling (888) 622-1813, or from your financial professional. The Fund’s prospectus and statement of additional information, both dated April 30, 2026, as amended and supplemented from time to time, are incorporated by reference into (legally made a part of) this Summary Prospectus. Information on the Fund’s net asset value, market price, premiums and discounts, and bid-ask spreads can be found at https://www.sprottetfs.com. 

 This Summary Prospectus contains information you should know before investing, including information about risks. Please read it before you invest and keep it for future reference. 

 The Securities and Exchange Commission has not approved or disapproved these securities or passed upon the adequacy of this Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

 Summary Information — Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF 

 Investment Objective 

 The Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF (the “Fund” or “GBUG”) seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation. 

 Fund Fees and Expenses 

 The
table below describes the fees and expenses that you pay if you buy, hold and sell shares of the Fund (“Shares”). You
may pay other fees, such as brokerage commissions and other fees to financial intermediaries, which are not reflected in the
table and example below. 

 Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment) 

 Management Fee 

 0.89% 

 Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fee 

 None 

 Other Expenses 

 0.00% 

 Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses 1 

 0.01% 

 Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses 

 0.90% 

 1 

 Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses are the indirect costs of investing in other investment companies. The operating expenses in this fee table do not correlate to the expense ratio in the Fund’s financial highlights because the financial statements include only the direct operating expenses incurred by the Fund. 

 Example 

 This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other funds. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then sell all of your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same. 

 1 Year 

 3 Years 

 5 Years 

 10 Years 

 Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be: 

 $92 

 $287 

 $498 

 $1,107 

 Portfolio Turnover 

 The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it purchases and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may result in higher transaction costs and higher taxes when shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the Example, may affect the Fund’s performance. For the period ended December 31, 2025, the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 20% of the average value of its portfolio. 

 Principal Investment Strategies of the Fund 

 The Fund seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing 80% of its net assets in shares of gold and silver, focused companies that are engaged in exploring, developing and mining; or royalty and streaming companies engaged in the financing of gold and silver assets. A company is a gold or silver focused company if it earns at least 50% of its from revenue or has at least 50% of its assets dedicated to exploring, developing or mining gold or silver and royalties and streaming companies engaged in the financing of gold or silver. The Fund may invest in companies focused on other precious metals, although no more than 20% of its net assets will be invested in such companies. 

 1 Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF Summary Prospectus 

 The investment strategy of the Fund is value oriented and contrarian. 

 The Fund seeks to invest in undervalued companies the portfolio managers believe to have good long-term business fundamentals and/or growth potential but are temporarily out of favor with investors, and hence have a market value lower than their intrinsic value. In assessing intrinsic value, the portfolio managers’ judgments will be based on a comparison of a company’s stock market value with various financial parameters, including historical and projected cash flow, book earnings, and net asset value (“NAV”). The fundamental research-based, value orientation of the Adviser assists the portfolio managers find companies with intrinsic value. 

 The Adviser’s contrarian orientation enables the portfolio managers to buy securities of companies at what the portfolio managers believe to be attractive prices. Contrarian means that the portfolio managers seek investment opportunities in stocks and sectors that are out of favor with investors. The portfolio managers consider a stock to be out of favor when its price has declined significantly or has lagged the relevant market index for an extended period and the consensus among investors does not expect improvement. Selection criteria include asset quality, geopolitical risk, balance sheet analysis, capital commitments, current and prospective cash flow generation, return on capital, and most importantly, management structure. In general, the portfolio managers seek companies that are characterized by strong management structure, business franchise, competitive position and financial structure, a clear strategy, free cash flow, large insider ownership, and shareholder-oriented policies, among other things. 

 Investments are made with the intent to buy and hold the securities for 3 to 5 years. Position sizes will range between 0.5% to 15%. The Adviser’s sell discipline incorporates judgements as to valuation, shortfalls of performance relative to our internally established benchmarks, or tactical trims based on position size for risk management purposes. The portfolio managers will purchase stocks for the Fund when they meet the above criteria and when the portfolio managers believe that they have a limited risk of further decline. The portfolio managers will sell stocks when they are no longer considered to be good values. 

 The Fund may invest in foreign companies, including companies in emerging markets (i.e. those that generally are in the early stages of their industrial cycles). The Fund may invest a significant portion of its assets in securities of companies in a single country or region, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, South Africa and the United Kingdom. The Fund may invest in companies of any size or market capitalization range. 

 The Fund is non-diversified and may invest a greater percentage of its assets in a particular issuer than a diversified fund. The Fund will concentrate its investments in companies in the mining industry. The Fund may from time to time invest a significant portion of its assets in the securities of companies in one or more sectors. 

 The Fund may engage in securities lending. 

 Principal Risks of Investing in the Fund 

 There is no assurance that the Fund will meet its investment objective. The value of your investment in the Fund, as well as the amount of return you receive on your investment in the Fund, may fluctuate significantly. You may lose part or all of your investment in the Fund or your investment may not perform as well as other similar investments. Therefore, you should consider carefully the following risks before investing in the Fund. 

 Investors in the Fund should be willing to accept a high degree of volatility in the price of the Fund’s shares and the possibility of significant losses. An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk. Therefore, you should consider carefully the following risks before investing in the Fund. 

 Gold and Silver Mining Industry Risk . The Fund is sensitive to changes in, and its performance will depend to a greater extent on, the overall condition of the gold and silver mining industry. In times of stable economic growth, traditional equity and debt investments could offer greater appreciation potential and the value of gold, silver and other precious metals may be 

 Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF Summary Prospectus 2 

 adversely affected, which could in turn affect the Fund’s returns. The gold and precious metals industry can be significantly affected by competitive pressures, central bank operations, events relating to international political developments, the success of exploration projects, commodity prices, adverse environmental developments and tax and government regulations. 

 Active Management Risk . The Adviser’s judgments about the growth, value, or potential appreciation of an investment may prove to be incorrect or fail to have the intended results, which could adversely impact the Fund’s performance and cause it to underperform relative to other funds with similar investment goals or relative to its benchmark, or not to achieve its investment goal. This underperformance may be exacerbated by the universe of securities in which the Fund is authorized to invest as compared to other types of ETFs or mutual funds. 

 Authorized Participant Concentration Risk . Only an Authorized Participant (as defined in the Creations and Redemptions section of the Fund’s prospectus) may engage in creation or redemption transactions directly with the Fund. The Fund has a limited number of institutions that act as Authorized Participants. To the extent that these institutions exit the business or are unable to proceed with creation and/or redemption orders with respect to the Fund and no other Authorized Participant is able to step forward to create or redeem Creation Units, Fund shares may trade at a discount to net asset value per share (“NAV”) and possibly face trading halts and/or delisting. 

 Commodity Risk . The Fund invests in companies that are susceptible to fluctuations in certain commodity markets and to price changes due to trade relations and the possibility of tariffs. Any negative changes in commodity markets that may be due to changes in supply and demand for commodities, market events, regulatory developments, other catastrophic events, or other factors that the Fund cannot control could have an adverse impact on those companies. 

 Common Stock Risk . Common stock holds the lowest priority in the capital structure of a company, and, therefore, takes the largest share of the company’s risk and its accompanying volatility. The value of the common stock held by the Fund may fall due to general market and economic conditions, perceptions regarding the industries in which the issuers of securities held by the Fund participate, or facts relating to specific companies in which the Fund invests. 

 Currency Risk . The Fund may invest its assets in securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies. Changes in currency exchange rates and the relative value of non-U.S. currencies will affect the value of the Fund’s investment and the value of the Shares. Because the Fund’s NAV is determined in U.S. dollars, the Fund’s NAV could decline if the currency of the non-U.S. market in which the Fund invests depreciates against the U.S. dollar, even if the value of the Fund’s holdings, measured in the foreign currency, increases. Currency exchange rates can be very volatile and can change quickly and unpredictably. As a result, the value of an investment in the Fund may change quickly and without warning and you may lose money. 

 Cybersecurity
 and Disaster Recovery Risks . Information and technology systems relied upon by the Fund, the Adviser, the Fund’s other
 service providers (including, but not limited to, the Sub-Adviser, Fund Accountant, Custodian, Transfer Agent, Administrator,
 Distributor and index providers (“Service Providers”)), market makers, Authorized Participants, financial intermediaries
 and/or the issuers of securities in which the Fund invests may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses,
 network failures, computer and telecommunication failures, infiltration by unauthorized persons, security breaches, usage errors,
 power outages and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. Although the Adviser and the
 Fund’s other service providers have implemented measures to manage risks relating to these types of events, if these systems
 are compromised, become inoperable for extended periods of time or cease to function properly, significant investment may be
 required to fix or replace them. The failure of these systems and/or of disaster recovery plans could cause significant
 interruptions in the operations of the Fund, the Adviser, Service Providers, market makers, Authorized Participants, financial
 intermediaries and/or issuers of securities in which the Fund invests and may result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, impact the Fund’s ability to calculate its net asset
value or impede trading. 

 3 Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF Summary Prospectus 

 Depositary Receipt Risk . The Fund may invest in depositary receipts which involve similar risks to those associated with investments in foreign securities. Investments in depositary receipts may be less liquid than the underlying shares in their primary trading market and, if not included in the Index, may negatively affect the Fund’s ability to replicate the performance of the Index. 

 Early Close/Trading Halt Risk . An exchange or market may close or issue trading halts on specific securities, or the ability to buy or sell certain securities or financial instruments may be restricted, which may result in the Fund being unable to buy or sell certain securities or financial instruments. In such circumstances, the Fund may be unable to rebalance its portfolio, may be unable to accurately price its investments and/or may incur substantial trading losses. 

 Emerging Markets Securities Risk . Emerging markets are subject to greater market volatility, lower trading volume, political and economic instability, uncertainty regarding the existence of trading markets and more governmental limitations on foreign investment than more developed markets. Differences in regulatory, accounting, auditing, and financial reporting and recordkeeping standards could impede the Adviser’s ability to evaluate local companies and impact the Fund’s performance. Investments in securities of issuers in emerging markets may also be exposed to risks related to a lack of liquidity, greater potential for market manipulation, issuers’ limited reliable access to capital, and foreign investment structures. 

 Fluctuation of Net Asset Value Risk . The NAV of the Fund’s shares will generally fluctuate with changes in the market value of the Fund’s holdings. The market prices of the shares will generally fluctuate in accordance with changes in NAV as well as the relative supply of and demand for shares on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the “Nasdaq”). The Adviser cannot predict whether the shares will trade below, at or above their NAV. The Fund’s market price may deviate from the value of its underlying portfolio holdings, particularly in times of market stress, with the result that investors may pay significantly more or receive significantly less than the underlying value of the Fund shares bought or sold. this can be reflected as a spread between the bid and ask prices for the Fund quoted during the day or a premium or discount in the closing price from the Fund’s NAV. 

 Foreign Investment Risk . The Fund’s investments in non-U.S. issuers, although limited to ADRs, may involve unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Adverse political, economic or social developments could undermine the value of the Fund’s investments or prevent the Fund from realizing the full value of its investments. Countries with emerging markets may present heightened risks of nationalization of businesses, restrictions on foreign ownership and prohibitions on the repatriation of assets. The economies of emerging markets countries also may be based on only a few industries, making them more vulnerable to changes in local or global trade conditions and more sensitive to debt burdens, inflation rates or adverse news and events. Where all or a portion of the Fund’s underlying securities trade in a market that is closed when the market in which the Fund’s shares are listed and trading in that market is open, there may be changes between the last quote from its closed foreign market and the value of such security during the Fund’s domestic trading day. In addition, please note that this in turn could lead to differences between the market price of the Fund’s shares and the underlying value of those shares. 

 Frontier Markets Risk . Frontier markets are those emerging markets that are considered to be among the smallest, least mature and least liquid, and as a result, may be more likely to experience inflation, political turmoil and rapid changes in economic conditions than more developed and traditional emerging markets. Economic, political, illiquidity and currency risks may be more pronounced with respect to investments in frontier markets than in emerging markets. 

 Geographic Investment Risk . To the extent the Fund invests a significant portion of its assets in the securities of companies of a single country or region, it is more likely to be impacted by events or conditions affecting that country or region. 

 Australia . Investments in Australian issuers may subject the Fund to economic risk specific to Australia. Among other things, there are legal, regulatory, political, currency and economic risk specific to Australia. The Australian economy is heavily dependent on relationships with certain key trading partners, including China, Japan and the United States. As a result, continued growth of the Australian economy is dependent on the growth of these economies. 

 Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF Summary Prospectus 4 

 Brazil . Investment in Brazilian issuers involves risks that are specific to Brazil, including legal, regulatory, political, currency and economic risks. The Brazilian economy has historically been exposed to high rates of inflation and a high level of debt, each of which may reduce and/or prevent economic growth. 

 Canada . Investments in Canadian issuers may subject the Fund to economic risk specific to Canada. Among other things, the Canadian economy is heavily dependent on relationships with certain key trading partners, including the United States and China. The Canadian economy is sensitive to fluctuations in certain commodity markets. 

 Mexico . Investment in Mexican issuers may subject the Fund to economic risk specific to Mexico. Among other things, the Mexican economy is heavily dependent on trading with key partners, specifically the United States and certain Latin American countries. Any increases or decreases in the volume of this trading, changes in taxes or tariffs, or variance in political relationships between nations may impact the economy in a way that would be adverse to the Fund’s investments. Mexico is an emerging market and demonstrates significantly higher volatility from time to time in comparison to developed markets. Shareholder claims that are available in the U.S., as well as regulatory oversight and authority that is common in the U.S., including for claims based on fraud, may be difficult or impossible for shareholders of securities in Mexico or for U.S. authorities to pursue. Additionally, investment in Mexico may be subject to substantial economic instability resulting from, among other things, periods of very high inflation, high interest rates, economic volatility, high unemployment rates and significant devaluations of the Mexican currency, the peso, as well as destabilizing events caused by local insurrections, social upheavals, drug related violence and public health crises. 

 New Zealand . Investments in New Zealand issuers may subject the Fund to economic risk specific to New Zealand. Among other things, there are legal, regulatory, political, currency and economic risk specific to New Zealand. The New Zealand economy is heavily dependent on relationships with certain key trading partners, including China, Japan and the United States. As a result, continued growth of the New Zealand economy is dependent on the growth of these economies. 

 South Africa . South Africa’s two-tiered economy, with one rivaling developed countries and the other exhibiting many characteristics of developing countries, is characterized by uneven distribution of wealth and income and high rates of unemployment. Although economic reforms have been enacted to promote growth and foreign investments, there can be no assurance that these programs will achieve the desired results. In addition, South Africa’s inadequate currency reserves have left its currency vulnerable, at times, to devaluation. Despite significant reform and privatization, the South African government continues to control a large share of South African economic activity. Heavy regulation of labor and product markets is pervasive and may stifle South African economic growth or cause prolonged periods of recession. The agriculture and mining sectors of South Africa’s economy account for a large portion of its exports, and thus the South African economy is susceptible to fluctuations in these commodity markets. 

 United Kingdom . The United Kingdom trades heavily with other European countries and the United States and may be impacted by changes to the economic health of their key trading partners. The United Kingdom also relies heavily on the export of financial services. Accordingly, a downturn in the financial services sector may have an adverse impact on the United Kingdom’s economy. 

 Issuer-Specific Risk . The value of an individual security or particular type of security can be more volatile than the market as a whole and can perform differently from the value of the market as a whole. 

 Large-Capitalization Risk . Returns on investments in securities of large companies could trail the returns on investments in securities of smaller and mid-sized companies. The securities of large-capitalization companies may also be relatively mature compared to smaller companies and therefore subject to slower growth during times of economic expansion. Large-capitalization companies may also be unable to respond quickly to new competitive challenges, such as changes in technology and consumer tastes. 

 5 Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF Summary Prospectus 

 Liquidity Risk . It may be more difficult for the Fund to buy and sell significant amounts of some securities without an unfavorable impact on prevailing market prices. As a result, these securities may be difficult to dispose of at a fair price at the times when the Sub-Adviser believes it is desirable to do so. 

 Market Risk and Selection Risk . Market risk is the risk that one or more markets in which the Fund invests will go down in value, including the possibility that the markets will go down sharply and unpredictably. The value of a security or other asset may decline due to changes in general market conditions, economic trends or events that are not specifically related to the issuer of the security or other asset, or factors that affect a particular issuer or issuers, exchange, country, group of countries, region, market, industry, group of industries, sector or asset class. Local, regional or global events such as war, acts of terrorism, the spread of infectious illness or other public health issue (e.g., COVID-19), recessions, or other events could have a significant impact on the Fund and its investments. The occurrence of global events similar to those in recent years may result in market volatility and may have long term effects on both domestic and global financial markets. Such events also may have an impact on the Fund and its investments, including the Fund’s ability to purchase or sell securities and potential elevated tracking error and increased premiums or discounts to the Fund’s NAV. Selection risk is the risk that the securities selected by Fund management will underperform the markets, the relevant indices or the securities selected by other funds with similar investment objectives and investment strategies. This means you may lose money. 

 Metals and Mining Industry Risk . Companies in the metals and mining industry are susceptible to fluctuations in worldwide metal prices and extraction and production costs. In addition, metals and mining companies may have significant operations in areas at risk for social and political unrest, security concerns and environmental damage. These companies may also be at risk for increased government regulation and intervention. Such risks may adversely affect the issuers to which the Fund has exposure. 

 Micro-Capitalization Company Risk . Micro-cap stocks involve substantially greater risks of loss and price fluctuations because their earnings and revenues tend to be less predictable (and some companies may be experiencing significant losses), and their share prices tend to be more volatile. The shares of micro-cap companies tend to trade less frequently than those of larger, more established companies, which can adversely affect the pricing of these securities and the future ability to sell these securities. 

 New Fund Risk . A new or smaller fund is subject to the risk that its performance may not represent how the fund is expected to or may perform in the long term. In addition, new funds have limited operating histories for investors to evaluate and new and smaller funds may not attract sufficient assets to achieve investment and trading efficiencies. There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve an economically viable size. Further, an active trading market for shares of the Fund may not develop or be maintained. 

 Non-Diversified Fund Risk . The Fund is considered non-diversified and can invest a greater portion of assets in securities of individual issuers than a diversified fund. As a result, changes in the market value of a single investment could cause greater fluctuations in share price than would occur in a diversified fund. 

 Operational Risk . The Fund and its service providers may experience disruptions that arise from human error, processing and communications errors, counterparty or third-party errors, technology or systems failures, any of which may have an adverse impact on the Fund. 

 Precious
 Metals Mining Industry Risk . The Fund is sensitive to changes in, and its performance will depend to a greater extent on, the
 overall condition of the precious metals mining industry. In times of stable economic growth, traditional equity and debt investments could offer greater appreciation potential and the value of a precious metal may be adversely affected, which could in
turn affect the Fund’s returns. The precious metals industry can be significantly affected by competitive pressures, central bank
operations, events relating to international political developments, the success of exploration projects, commodity prices, adverse environmental
developments and tax and government regulations. 

 Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF Summary Prospectus 6 

 Regulatory Action Risk . The mining, refining and/or manufacturing of metals may be significantly affected by regulatory action and changes in governments. Changes made by countries essential to the producing, refining or recycling of rare earth metals to limit exports could have a significant adverse effect on industries around the globe and on the values of the businesses in which the Fund invests. 

 Sector Focus Risk . The Fund may invest a significant portion of its assets in one or more sectors and thus will be more susceptible to the risks affecting those sectors. 

 Mining Sector Risk . The exploration and development of mineral deposits involve significant financial risks over a significant period of time, which even a combination of careful evaluation, experience and knowledge may not eliminate. Few properties which are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. Major expenditures may be required to establish reserves by drilling and to construct mining and processing facilities at a site. In addition, mineral exploration companies typically operate at a loss and are dependent on securing equity and/or debt financing, which might be more difficult to secure for an exploration company than for a more established counterpart. 

 Securities
Lending Risk . Although the Fund will receive collateral in connection with all loans of its securities holdings, the Fund would be
exposed to a risk of loss should a borrower default on its obligation to return the borrowed securities (e.g., the loaned securities
may have appreciated beyond the value of the collateral held by the Fund). In addition, the Fund will bear the risk of loss of any cash
collateral that it invests. 

 Small- and Mid-Capitalization Company Risk . Smaller and mid-size companies often have narrower markets, less liquidity, more limited managerial and financial resources and a less diversified product offering than larger, more established companies. As a result, their performance can be more volatile, which may increase the volatility of the Fund’s portfolio. 

 Trading Risk . Shares of the Fund may trade on the Exchange, above (premium) or below (discount) their NAV. The NAV of shares of the Fund will fluctuate with changes in the market value of the Fund’s holdings. The market prices of the Fund’s shares will fluctuate continuously throughout trading hours based on market supply and demand and may deviate significantly from the value of the Fund’s holdings, particularly in times of market stress, with the result that investors may pay more or receive less than the underlying value of the Fund shares bought or sold. When buying or selling shares in the secondary market, you may incur costs attributable to the difference between the highest price a buyer is willing to pay to purchase shares of the Fund (bid) and the lowest price a seller is willing to accept for shares of the Fund (ask), which is known as the bid-ask spread. In addition, although the Fund’s shares are currently listed on the Exchange, there can be no assurance that an active trading market for shares will develop or be maintained. Trading in Fund shares may be halted due to market conditions or for reasons that, in the view of the Exchange, make trading in shares of the Fund inadvisable. In stressed market conditions, the market for the Fund’s shares may become less liquid in response to deteriorating liquidity in the markets for the Fund’s underlying portfolio holdings. 

 Valuation Risk . The price that the Fund could receive upon the sale (or other disposition) of a security or other asset may differ from the Fund’s valuation of the security or other asset, particularly for securities or other assets that trade in low volume or volatile markets or that are valued using a fair value methodology. In addition, the value of the securities or other assets in the Fund’s portfolio may change on days or during time periods when investors are not able to purchase or sell Fund shares. Authorized Participants that create or redeem Fund shares on days when the Fund is holding fair valued securities or other assets may receive fewer or more shares, or lower or higher redemption proceeds, than they would have received had the securities or other assets not been fair valued or been valued using a different methodology. The ability to value investments may be impacted by technological issues or errors by pricing services or other third-party service providers. 

 7 Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF Summary Prospectus 

 Performance 

 The Fund does not have performance history for a full calendar year. Once the Fund has completed a full calendar year of investment operations, this section will provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund by showing how the Fund’s average annual returns compare with a broad measure of market performance. Past performance does not necessarily indicate how the Fund will perform in the future. Updated performance information will be available at no cost by visiting www.sprottetfs.com or by calling (888) 622-1813. 

 Management 

 Adviser 

 Sprott Asset Management USA, Inc. is the investment adviser to the Fund. 

 Sub-Adviser 

 ALPS Advisors, Inc. (the “Sub-Adviser”) is the sub-adviser to the Fund. 

 Portfolio Managers 

 Sprott Asset Management USA, Inc. (Adviser) 

 John Hathaway, Senior Portfolio Manager of Sprott Asset Management USA, Inc., has served as a portfolio manager of the Fund since its inception in February 2025. Maria Smirnova, Senior Portfolio Manager of Sprott Asset Management LP and an associated person of Sprott Asset Management USA, Inc., has served as a portfolio manager of the Fund since its inception in February 2025. Shree Kargutkar, Portfolio Manager of Sprott Asset Management LP and an associated person of Sprott Asset Management USA, Inc., has served as a portfolio manager of the Fund since its inception in February 2025. Justin Tolman, Portfolio Manager of Sprott Asset Management USA, Inc has served as a portfolio manager of the Fund since its inception in February 2025. 

 ALPS Advisors, Inc. (Sub-Adviser) 

 Ryan Mischker, Senior Vice President, Portfolio Management & Research and Charles Perkins Associate Vice President, Portfolio Management & Research at Sub-Adviser, are responsible for the day-to-day management of the Fund. Mr. Mischker, and Mr. Perkins have each served as a portfolio manager for the Fund since inception in February 2025. 

 Purchase and Sale of Fund Shares 

 The Fund issues and redeems shares at NAV only in a large specified number of shares each called a “Creation Unit,” or multiples thereof, and only with “authorized participants” that have entered into contractual arrangements with ALPS Distributors, Inc., the Fund’s distributor (“Distributor”). A Creation Unit consists of 10,000 shares. Creation Unit transactions are typically conducted in exchange for the deposit or delivery of in-kind securities in the Fund’s portfolio and/or cash. 

 Individual shares of the Fund may only be purchased and sold on the Exchange through brokers. Shares of the Fund are listed on the Exchange and because shares will trade at market prices rather than NAV, shares of the Fund may trade at a price greater than or less than NAV. An investor may incur costs attributable to the difference between the highest price a buyer is willing to pay to purchase shares of the Fund (bid) and the lowest price a seller is willing to accept for shares of the Fund (ask) when buying or selling shares in the secondary market (the “bid-ask spread”). 

 Information regarding the Fund’s NAV, market price, premiums and discounts, and bid-ask spreads can be viewed on the Fund’s website at www.sprottetfs.com. 

 Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF Summary Prospectus 8 

 Tax Information 

 Fund distributions are generally taxable as ordinary income, qualified dividend income, or capital gains (or a combination), unless your investment is in an individual retirement account (“IRA”) or other tax-advantaged account. Distributions on investments made through tax-deferred arrangements may be taxed later upon withdrawal of assets from those accounts. 

 Payments to Broker-Dealer and Other Financial Intermediaries 

 If you purchase shares through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary, the Adviser or other related companies may pay the intermediary for the sale of shares or related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing the broker-dealer or other intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your salesperson or visit your financial intermediary’s website for more information. 

 9 Sprott Active Gold & Silver Miners ETF Summary Prospectus 

