                                                    March 1, 2026

                                       Global X Gold Miners ETF

                                                     NYSE Arca: AUAU


                                      2026 Summary Prospectus

Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund's Prospectus, which contains more information about the Fund and its risks. You can find
the Fund's Prospectus and other information about the Fund (including the Fund’s Statement of Additional Information and most recent
reports to shareholders) online at http://www.globalxetfs.com/funds/auau. You can also get this information at no cost by calling
1-888-493-8631 or by sending an e-mail request to info@globalxetfs.com or from your financial intermediary. The Fund’s Prospectus and
Statement of Additional Information, both dated March 1, 2026, as amended and supplemented from time to time, are incorporated by
reference into (legally made a part of) this Summary Prospectus.




                                                                    1
                                                      Global X Gold Miners ETF

                                                   Ticker: AUAU Exchange: NYSE Arca

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE

The Global X Gold Miners ETF (the "Fund") seeks to provide investment results that correspond generally to the price and yield performance,
before fees and expenses, of the NYSE® Arca Gold Miners Index® (the "Underlying Index").

FEES AND EXPENSES

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy, hold, and sell shares (“Shares”) of the Fund. You may pay other
fees, such as brokerage commissions and other fees to financial intermediaries, which are not reflected in the tables and examples below.

Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment):
    Management Fees:                                                                                                        0.35%
    Distribution and Service (12b-1) Fees:                                                                                  None
    Other Expenses:1                                                                                                        0.00%
    Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses:                                                                                   0.35%

1
           Other Expenses are based on estimated amounts for the current fiscal year.

Example: The following example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other funds.
This example does not take into account customary brokerage commissions that you pay when purchasing or selling Shares of the Fund in
the secondary market. The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then sell all of your
Shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund's operating
expenses remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions, your costs would be:
                                                       One Year         Three Years
                                                         $36               $113

Portfolio Turnover: The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A
higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Shares are held in a taxable account.
These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund's performance. This is a new fund
and does not yet have a portfolio turnover rate to disclose.

PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES

The Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets, plus borrowings for investment purposes (if any), in the securities of the NYSE® Arca Gold
Miners Index® (the "Underlying Index"), which may include common stocks, as well as American Depositary Receipts ("ADRs") and Global
Depositary Receipts (“GDRs”) based on the securities in the Underlying Index and preferred securities with equity-like characteristics such as
those of common stocks. The Fund's 80% investment policy is non-fundamental and requires 60 days prior written notice to shareholders
before it can be changed.

The Underlying Index, as presently constituted, is designed to track the performance of global companies that are involved in the gold mining
industry, as determined by ICE Data Indices, LLC (the "Index Provider"). Such companies may include large-, mid-, or small-capitalization
companies and foreign issuers. The Underlying Index is primarily comprised of publicly traded companies that are involved in the mining of
gold and silver ore. In constructing the Underlying Index, the Index Provider identifies a universe of eligible securities that are classified
according to the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (“ICE”) Uniform Sector Classification schema within the gold or silver sub-industry (each, a
"Gold Company" or "Silver Company"). Under the ICE schema, a company is assigned a sub-industry based on the business activity that
generates the majority of the company’s revenues. Companies that are engaged in two or more substantially different business activities are
assigned the sub-industry that provides the majority of both the company’s revenues and earnings. Therefore, constituents of the Underlying
Index that are classified as Silver Companies may also have gold mining related operations and revenue exposures. ICE is an independent
leading financial data provider that maintains a comprehensive structured taxonomy designed to offer precise classification of global




                                                                      2
companies and their individual business units. The weight of companies classified as silver companies will not exceed 20% of the Underlying
Index at rebalance.

To be a part of the initial universe, companies must meet certain minimum market capitalization and liquidity criteria, as determined by the
Index Provider. As of December 31, 2025, companies must have a minimum market capitalization of $750 million and an average daily
turnover for the last 3 months greater than or equal to $1 million. The Underlying Index will be exposed to companies listed in developed and
emerging markets.

The Underlying Index is weighted according to a modified float-adjusted market-capitalization weighting methodology and is reconstituted and
rebalanced on a quarterly basis. The modified capitalization weighting seeks to weight constituents based on their “free float” market
capitalization subject to caps on the weights of the individual securities. Free float market capitalization measures a company’s market
capitalization by multiplying the equity’s price by the number of its shares readily available to be traded in the market. At each rebalance, the
maximum weight of an individual security is capped at 20%. Modified capitalization weighting is expected to limit the Fund’s exposure to the
largest market capitalization companies in the Underlying Index. The Underlying Index may include large-, mid- or small-capitalization
companies; however, the Underlying Index is not required to reflect any one or all market capitalizations. As of December 31, 2025, the
Underlying Index had 92 constituents. The Fund's investment objective and Underlying Index may be changed without shareholder approval.

The Underlying Index is created and sponsored by the Index Provider. Any determinations related to the constituents of the Underlying Index
are made by the Index Provider and are independent of the Fund's portfolio managers. The Index Provider determines the composition and
relative weightings of the securities in the Underlying Index.

The Adviser uses an indexing approach to try to achieve the Fund's investment objective. Unlike many investment companies, the Fund does
not try to outperform the Underlying Index and does not seek temporary defensive positions when markets decline or appear overvalued.

The Fund generally will use a replication strategy. A replication strategy is an indexing strategy that involves investing in the securities of the
Underlying Index in approximately the same proportions as in the Underlying Index. However, the Fund may utilize a representative sampling
strategy with respect to the Underlying Index when a replication strategy might be detrimental or disadvantageous to shareholders, such as
when there are practical difficulties or substantial costs involved in compiling a portfolio of equity securities to replicate the Underlying Index,
in instances in which a security in the Underlying Index becomes temporarily illiquid, unavailable or less liquid, or as a result of legal
restrictions or limitations (such as tax diversification requirements) that apply to the Fund but not the Underlying Index.

The Adviser expects that, over time, the correlation between the Fund's performance and that of the Underlying Index, before fees and
expenses, will exceed 95%. A correlation percentage of 100% would indicate perfect correlation. If the Fund uses a replication strategy, it can
be expected to have greater correlation to the Underlying Index than if it uses a representative sampling strategy.

The Fund concentrates its investments (i.e., holds 25% or more of its total assets) in a particular industry or group of industries to
approximately the same extent that the Underlying Index is concentrated. As of December 31, 2025, the Underlying Index was concentrated
in the metals and mining industry and had significant exposure to the materials sector. The Fund is classified as “non-diversified,” which
means it may invest a larger percentage of its assets in a smaller number of issuers than a diversified fund.

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL RISKS

As with any investment, you could lose all or part of your investment in the Fund, and the Fund's performance could trail that of other
investments. There is no guarantee that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. An investment in the Fund is not a bank deposit and it
is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency, the Adviser or any of its
affiliates. The Fund is subject to the principal risks noted below, any of which may adversely affect the Fund's net asset value ("NAV"), trading
price, yield, total return and ability to meet its investment objective, as well as other risks that are described in greater detail in the Additional
Information About the Fund section of the Prospectus and in the Statement of Additional Information ("SAI").

Asset Class Risk: Securities and other assets in the Underlying Index or otherwise held in the Fund's portfolio may underperform in
comparison to the general securities markets, a particular securities market or other asset classes.

          Depositary Receipts Risk: The Fund may invest in depositary receipts, such as ADRs and GDRs. Depositary receipts are receipts
          listed on U.S. or foreign exchanges issued by banks or trust companies that entitle the holder to all dividends and capital gains that
          are paid out on the underlying foreign shares. Depositary receipts are generally subject to the same risks associated with direct
          investments in the securities of foreign companies. A holder of depositary receipts may also be subject to fees and the credit risk of
          the financial institution acting as depositary. Unsponsored depositary receipts may involve higher expenses, fewer shareholder
          rights, and may be less liquid.




                                                                          3
          Equity Securities Risk: Equity securities are subject to changes in value, and their values may be more volatile than other asset
          classes, as a result of a company’s business performance, investor perceptions, stock market trends and general economic
          conditions.

Capitalization Risk: Investing in issuers within the same market capitalization category carries the risk that the category may be out of favor
due to current market conditions or investor sentiment.

          Large-Capitalization Companies Risk: Large-capitalization companies may adapt more slowly to new competitive challenges and
          changing market conditions than smaller capitalization companies. In addition, large-capitalization companies may be more mature
          and subject to more limited growth potential and consequently may underperform other segments of the equity market or the
          market as a whole.

          Mid-Capitalization Companies Risk: Mid-capitalization companies may have greater price volatility, lower trading volume and less
          liquidity than large-capitalization companies. In addition, mid-capitalization companies may have smaller revenues, narrower
          product lines, less management depth and experience, smaller shares of their product or service markets, fewer financial resources
          and less competitive strength than large-capitalization companies. These securities may have returns that vary, sometimes
          significantly, from the overall securities market.

          Small-Capitalization Companies Risk: Small-capitalization companies may be less stable and more susceptible to adverse
          developments, and their securities may be more volatile and less liquid than large- and mid-capitalization companies. In addition,
          small-capitalization companies may have smaller revenues, narrower product lines, less management depth and experience,
          smaller shares of their product or service markets, fewer financial resources, and shorter operating histories than large- and mid-
          capitalization companies. These securities may have returns that vary, sometimes significantly, from the overall securities market.

Commodity Risk: The Underlying Index measures the performance of companies involved in a commodity-related industry and not the
performance of the price of a commodity itself. The securities of companies involved in a commodity-related industry may under- or over-
perform the price of such commodity over the short-term or the long-term.

These companies may be susceptible to fluctuations in the underlying commodities market and may be influenced or characterized by
unpredictable factors, including high volatility, changes in supply and demand relationships, weather, agriculture, trade, changes in interest
rates and monetary and other governmental policies, action and inaction. Securities of companies held by the Fund that are dependent on a
single commodity, or are concentrated on a single commodity sector, may typically exhibit even higher volatility attributable to commodity
prices.

          Exposure to Related Markets Risk: Companies that are active in the exploration and/or mining of commodities may derive a
          significant percentage of their profits from other business activities, including direct investment in those commodities and in
          technologies and products related to those commodities. As a result, the performance of these markets and the profits of these
          companies from such activities may significantly impact the Fund's performance.

          Gold Risk: Companies involved in gold production or use are subject to risks specific to the global gold market. Gold demand is
          influenced by investment demand and central bank activity, as well as by its role as a perceived store of value, and may be affected
          by changes in interest rates, inflation expectations, currency movements, and investor sentiment. Gold supply may be disrupted by
          factors such as mining challenges, geopolitical events, regulatory or permitting issues, and production decisions in major gold-
          producing regions. In addition, gold prices may be influenced by shifts in monetary policy, levels of central bank reserves, recycling
          activity, and speculative activity, which may contribute to increased volatility in gold-related securities.

Currency Risk: The Fund may invest in securities denominated in foreign currencies. Because the Fund's NAV is determined in U.S. dollars,
the Fund's NAV could decline if currencies of the underlying securities depreciate against the U.S. dollar or if there are delays or limits on
repatriation of such currencies. Generally, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar against a foreign currency will reduce the value of a
security denominated in that foreign currency, thereby decreasing the Fund's NAV. Exchange rates may be volatile and may change quickly
and without warning, which could have a significant negative impact on the Fund.

Custody Risk: Custody risk refers to the risks in the process of clearing and settling trades, as well as the holding of securities and other
assets by local banks, agents, and securities depositories. These risks are heightened in jurisdictions with less developed markets or less
robust settlement and custody infrastructure and processes.




                                                                       4
Cybersecurity Risk: With the increased use of technologies such as the Internet to conduct business, the Fund, like all companies, may be
susceptible to operational, information security and related risks. Cybersecurity incidents involving the Fund and its service providers
(including, without limitation, the Adviser, fund accountant, custodian, transfer agent and financial intermediaries) have the ability to cause
disruptions and impact business operations, potentially resulting in financial losses, impediments to trading, the inability of Fund shareholders
to transact business, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory fines, penalties, reputational damage, reimbursement or other
compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs.

Focus Risk: The Fund may from time to time have a significant amount of its assets invested in a particular industry, group of industries, or
one or more sectors to approximately the same extent that the Underlying Index focuses in investments related to a particular industry, group
of industries, and/or one or more sectors. In such event, the Fund’s performance will depend to a greater extent on the overall condition of
such industry(ies) or sector(s), and an economic, business, political, regulatory, or other occurrence affecting such industry(ies) or sector(s)
will have an increased impact on the value of the Fund’s shares compared to the value of shares of a fund that invests in a broader range of
industries or sectors.

          Risks Related to Investing in the Materials Sector: Companies in the materials sector are affected by commodity price volatility,
          exchange rates, import and export controls, supply chain disruptions, worldwide competition, social and political unrest, war,
          depletion of resources, technical advances, labor relations, over-production, litigation and government regulations, among other
          factors, among other factors.

          Risks Related to Investing in the Metals and Mining Industry: Securities in the Fund's portfolio may be significantly subject to
          the effects of competitive pressures in the mining industry and the price of certain metals. The price of certain metals may be
          affected by changes in inflation rates, interest rates, monetary policy, economic conditions, and political stability. Commodity prices
          may fluctuate substantially over short periods of time; therefore, the Fund’s Share price may be more volatile than other types of
          investments. A significant portion of the world’s precious metals are held by governments, central banks and related institutions,
          and their policies may be unpredictable and may have a significant adverse impact on the supply and prices of precious metals. In
          addition, metals and mining companies, which may include companies at various stages of development, may also be significantly
          affected by import controls, worldwide competition, the success of exploration projects, fluctuation in extraction and production
          costs, liability for environmental damage, depletion of resources, and mandated expenditures for safety and pollution control
          devices. Metals and mining companies may have significant operations in areas at risk for social and political unrest, security
          concerns and environmental damage. These companies may also be at risk for increased government regulation and intervention.
          Such risks may adversely affect the issuers to which the Fund has exposure.

Foreign Securities Risk: Investments in foreign securities can be riskier than U.S. securities investments. Investments in the securities of
foreign issuers (including investments in American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) and Global Depositary Receipts (“GDRs”)) are subject to
additional risks, including lower levels of liquidity and market efficiency; greater securities price volatility; exchange rate fluctuations and
exchange controls; less availability of public information about issuers; limitations on foreign ownership of securities; imposition of withholding
or other taxes; imposition of restrictions on the expatriation of the assets of the Fund; restrictions placed on U.S. investors by U.S. regulations
governing foreign investments; higher transaction and custody costs and delays in settlement procedures; difficulties in enforcing contractual
obligations; lower levels of regulation of the securities market; weaker accounting, disclosure and reporting requirements; and legal principles
relating to corporate governance and directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities. The countries in which the Fund invests may also be subject to
structural risks, including economic, political and social instability. Additionally, certain securities held by the Fund, while traded on U.S.
exchanges, may be issued by foreign financial institutions and as such, may be subject to the risks of investing in securities issued by foreign
companies, which may not be subject to the same regulations as companies domiciled in the U.S. Where all or a portion of the Fund's
securities trade in a market that is closed when the market in which the Fund's Shares are listed and trading is open, there may be
differences between the last quote from the security’s closed foreign market and the value of the security during the Fund’s domestic trading
day. This, in turn, could lead to differences between the market price of the Fund’s Shares and the underlying value of those shares.

Geographic Risk: The Fund’s investments in securities of issuers located in a particular country or geographic region may subject the Fund
to certain risks to a greater extent than if its investments were less focused, including: natural, biological or other disasters and the spread of
infectious diseases; economic, political and social instability; security concerns; and trade disputes with key trading partners. The securities in
which the Fund invests and, consequently, the Fund are also subject to specific risks as a result of their business operations in a particular
country or region, including, but not limited to:

          Risk of Investing in Canada: Investments in Canadian issuers may subject the Fund to legal, regulatory, political, currency,
          security, and economic risk specific to Canada. Among other things, the Canadian economy is heavily dependent on relationships




                                                                        5
          with certain key trading partners, including the U.S. and China. The Canadian economy is sensitive to fluctuations in certain
          commodity markets.

          Risk of Investing in Developed Markets: Investments in a developed country’s issuer may subject the Fund to legal, regulatory,
          political, currency, security, and economic risks specific to developed countries. Developed countries tend to represent a significant
          portion of the global economy and have generally experienced slower economic growth than some less developed countries.
          Certain developed countries have experienced security concerns, such as war, terrorism and strained international relations.
          Incidents involving a country’s or region’s security may cause uncertainty in its markets and may adversely affect its economy and
          the Fund’s investments. In addition, developed countries may be adversely impacted by changes to the economic conditions of
          certain key trading partners, regulatory burdens, debt burdens and the price or availability of certain commodities.

          Risk of Investing in Emerging Markets: Investments in emerging markets may be subject to a greater risk of loss than
          investments in developed markets. Securities markets of emerging market countries are less liquid, subject to greater price
          volatility, have smaller market capitalizations, have less government regulation, and are not subject to as extensive and frequent
          accounting, financial, and other reporting requirements as the securities markets of more developed countries, and there may be
          greater risk associated with the custody of securities in emerging markets. It may be difficult or impossible for the Fund to pursue
          claims against an emerging market issuer in the courts of an emerging market country. There may be significant obstacles to
          obtaining information necessary for investigations into or litigation against emerging market companies and shareholders may have
          limited legal rights and remedies. Emerging markets may be more likely to experience inflation, political turmoil and rapid changes
          in economic conditions than more developed markets. Emerging markets may also face other significant internal or external risks,
          including the risk of war, terrorism, or other social or political conflicts.

Gold and Silver Mining Companies Risk: The Fund invests in stocks and depositary receipts of U.S. and foreign companies that are
involved in the gold mining and silver mining industries, which are considered speculative and are affected by a variety of factors. Competitive
pressures may have a significant effect on the financial condition of gold mining and silver mining companies. Also, gold and silver mining
companies are highly dependent on the price of gold and silver bullion, but may also be adversely affected by a variety of worldwide
economic, financial and political factors. The price of gold and silver may fluctuate substantially over short periods of time so the Fund’s
Share price may be more volatile than other types of investments. Fluctuation in the prices of gold and silver may be due to a number of
factors, including changes in inflation, changes in currency exchange rates and changes in industrial and commercial demand for metals
(including fabricator demand). Additionally, increased environmental or labor costs may depress the value of investments in metals.

Indexing Strategy Risk: The Fund is not actively managed, and the Adviser does not attempt to take defensive positions in declining
markets or seek to outperform its Underlying Index. Therefore, the Fund would not necessarily buy or sell a security unless that security is
added or removed, respectively, from the Underlying Index, even if that security generally is underperforming. Maintaining investments in
securities regardless of market conditions or the performance of individual securities could cause the Fund’s return to be lower than if the
Fund employed an active strategy.

          Index-Related Risk: There is no guarantee that the Fund will achieve a high degree of correlation to the Underlying Index and
          therefore achieve its investment objective. Market disruptions and regulatory restrictions could have an adverse effect on the
          Fund’s ability to adjust its exposure to the required levels in order to track the Underlying Index. Errors in index data, index
          computations and/or the construction of the Underlying Index in accordance with its methodology may occur from time to time and
          may not be identified and corrected by the Index Provider for a period of time or at all, which may have an adverse impact on the
          Fund and its shareholders.

          Management Risk: The Fund may not fully replicate its Underlying Index and may hold securities not included in its Underlying
          Index. The Adviser’s investment strategy, the implementation of which is subject to a number of constraints, may cause the Fund to
          underperform the market or its relevant benchmark or adversely affect the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objective.

          Tracking Error Risk: Tracking error may occur because of differences between the instruments held in the Fund's portfolio and
          those included in the Underlying Index, pricing differences, transaction costs incurred by the Fund, the Fund's holding of uninvested
          cash, size of the Fund, differences in timing of the accrual of or the valuation of dividends or interest, tax gains or losses, changes
          to the Underlying Index or the costs to the Fund of complying with various new or existing regulatory requirements. This risk may be
          heightened during times of increased market volatility or other unusual market conditions. Tracking error also may result because
          the Fund incurs fees and expenses, while the Underlying Index does not.




                                                                       6
International Closed Market Trading Risk: To the extent that the underlying investments held by the Fund trade on foreign exchanges that
may be closed when the securities exchange on which the Fund’s Shares trade is open, there are likely to be deviations between the current
price of such an underlying security and the last quoted price for the underlying security (i.e., the Fund’s quote from the closed foreign
market). These deviations could result in premiums or discounts to the Fund’s NAV that may be greater than those experienced by other
exchange-traded funds ("ETFs").

Issuer Risk: Fund performance depends on the performance of individual companies in which the Fund invests. Changes to the financial
condition of any of those companies may cause the value of such company's securities to decline.

Market Risk: Turbulence in the financial markets and reduced liquidity may negatively affect issuers, which could have an adverse effect on
the Fund and its investments. The Fund’s NAV could decline over short periods due to short-term market movements and over longer periods
during market downturns. Trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs, may dampen consumer spending and result in decreased
confidence in the markets. Additionally, political uncertainty regarding U.S. policy, including the U.S. government’s approach to trade, may
also impact the markets. Furthermore, local, regional or global events such as war, acts of terrorism, the spread of infectious diseases,
inflation and recessions, changes in interest or exchange rates, or other events could have a significant impact on the Fund and its
investments and trading of its Shares. Market risk factors may result in increased volatility and/or decreased liquidity in the securities
markets.

New Fund Risk: The Fund is a new fund, with limited or no operating history, which may result in additional risks for investors in the Fund.
There can be no assurance that the Fund will grow to or maintain an economically viable size, in which case the Board of Trustees may
determine to liquidate the Fund. While shareholder interests will be the paramount consideration, the timing of any liquidation may not be
favorable to certain individual shareholders. New funds are also subject to Large Shareholder Risk.

Non-Diversification Risk: The Fund is classified as a “non-diversified” investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940
("1940 Act"), which means that the Fund may invest a greater portion of its assets in securities of individual issuers than a diversified fund. As
a result, changes in the market value of a single investment may have a greater impact on the Fund’s NAV and may make the Fund more
volatile than more diversified funds.

Operational Risk: The Fund is exposed to operational risk arising from a number of factors, including but not limited to human error,
processing and communication errors, errors of the Fund's service providers, counterparties or other third-parties, failed or inadequate
processes, cyber security incidents, and technology or systems failures. The Fund and the Adviser seek to reduce these operational risks
through controls and procedures. However, these measures do not address every possible risk and may be inadequate for those risks that
they are intended to address.

Risks Associated with Exchange-Traded Funds: As an ETF, the Fund is subject to the following risks:

          Authorized Participants Concentration Risk: The Fund has a limited number of financial institutions that may act as Authorized
          Participants and engage in creation or redemption transactions directly with the Fund, and none of those Authorized Participants is
          obligated to engage in creation and/or redemption transactions. To the extent that those Authorized Participants exit the business
          or are unable to process creation and/or redemption orders, such as in times of market stress, Shares may be more likely to trade
          at a premium or discount to NAV and/or at wider intraday bid-ask spreads, and possibly face trading halts and/or delisting from an
          exchange.

          Large Shareholder Risk: Certain shareholders, including an Authorized Participant, the Adviser, an affiliate of the Adviser, or
          funds managed by the Adviser, may own a substantial amount of the Fund’s Shares. Redemptions by large shareholders could
          have a significant negative impact on the Fund. If a large shareholder were to redeem all, or a large portion, of its Shares, there is
          no guarantee that the Fund will be able to maintain sufficient assets to continue operations in which case the Board of Trustees
          may determine to liquidate the Fund. In addition, transactions by large shareholders may account for a large percentage of the
          trading volume on a national securities exchange and may, therefore, have a material upward or downward effect on the market
          price of the Shares.

          Listing Standards Risk: The Fund is required to comply with listing requirements adopted by the listing exchange. Non-
          compliance with such requirements may result in the Fund's shares being delisted by the listing exchange. Any resulting liquidation
          of the Fund could cause the Fund to incur elevated transaction costs and could result in negative tax consequences for its
          shareholders.




                                                                        7
          Market Trading Risks and Premium/Discount Risks: Shares of the Fund are publicly traded on a national securities exchange,
          which may subject shareholders to numerous market trading risks. In stressed market conditions, the market for the Shares may
          become less liquid in response to the deteriorating liquidity of the Fund’s portfolio. This adverse effect on the liquidity of the Shares,
          as well as disruptions to creations and redemptions, the existence of extreme market volatility or potential lack of assets in the Fund
          or an active trading market for Shares may result in Shares trading at a significant premium or discount to NAV. If a shareholder
          purchases Shares at a time when the market price is at a premium to the NAV or sells Shares at a time when the market price is at
          a discount to the NAV, the shareholder may sustain losses. The NAV of the Fund is calculated at the end of each business day and
          fluctuates with changes in the market value of the Fund’s holdings. The trading price of the Fund’s Shares fluctuates, in some
          cases materially, throughout trading hours in response to changes in the Fund’s NAV.

Securities Lending Risk: Securities lending involves a risk of loss because the borrower may fail to return the securities in a timely manner
or at all. If the Fund is not able to recover the securities loaned, it may sell the collateral and purchase a replacement security in the market.
Lending securities entails a risk of loss to the Fund if and to the extent that the market value of the loaned securities increases and the
collateral is not increased accordingly. Additionally, the Fund will bear any loss on the investment of cash collateral it receives. These events
could also trigger adverse tax consequences for the Fund. As securities on loan may not be voted by the Fund, there is a risk that the Fund
may not be able to recall the securities in sufficient time to vote on material proxy matters.

Tax Status Risk: The Fund intends to pay dividends each taxable year to enable it to continue to satisfy the distribution requirements
necessary to qualify for treatment as a regulated investment company ("RIC"). If the Fund were to distribute to its shareholders less than the
minimum amount required for any year, the Fund would become subject to federal income tax for that year on all of its taxable income and
recognized gains, even those distributed to its shareholders, thereby diminishing returns for shareholders. In addition, under the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), the Fund may not earn more than 10% of its annual gross income from gains resulting
from the sale of commodities and precious metals. This could make it more difficult for the Fund to pursue its investment strategy and
maintain qualification as a RIC. In lieu of potential disqualification as a RIC, the Fund is permitted to pay a tax for certain failures to satisfy
this income requirement, which, in general, are limited to those due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect.

Trading Halt Risk: An exchange or market may close or issue trading halts on specific securities, or the ability to buy or sell certain
securities or financial instruments may be restricted, which may result in the Fund being unable to buy or sell certain securities or financial
instruments. In such circumstances, the Fund may be unable to rebalance its portfolio, may be unable to accurately price its investments and/
or may incur substantial trading losses.

Valuation Risk: The sales price the Fund could receive for a security may differ from the Fund’s valuation of the security and may differ from
the value used by the Underlying Index, particularly for securities that trade in low value or volatile markets or that are valued using a fair
value methodology (such as during trading halts). The value of the securities in the Fund's portfolio may change on days when shareholders
will not be able to purchase or sell the Fund's Shares.

PERFORMANCE INFORMATION

The Fund does not have a full calendar year of performance. Once the Fund has completed a full calendar year of operations, a bar chart
and table will be included that will provide some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund by showing the variability of the Fund's returns
and comparing the Fund's performance to a broad-based benchmark index and the Underlying Index. The Fund's performance is not
necessarily indicative of how the Fund will perform in the future.

FUND MANAGEMENT

Investment Adviser: Global X Management Company LLC.

Portfolio Managers: The professionals primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the Fund are Nam To, CFA and Wayne Xie
(the “Portfolio Managers”). Messrs. To and Xie have been Portfolio Managers of the Fund since the Fund's inception.

PURCHASE AND SALE OF FUND SHARES

Shares of the Fund are or will be listed and traded at market prices on a national securities exchange. Shares may only be purchased and
sold on the exchange through a broker-dealer. The price of Shares is based on market price, and because ETF shares trade at market prices
rather than at NAV, Shares may trade at a price greater than NAV (a premium) or less than NAV (a discount). Only "Authorized
Participants" (as defined in the SAI) who have entered into agreements with the Fund's distributor, SEI Investments Distribution Co.




                                                                         8
("Distributor"), may engage in creation or redemption transactions directly with the Fund. The Fund will only issue or redeem Shares that
have been aggregated into blocks called "Creation Units". The Fund will issue or redeem Creation Units in return for a basket of cash and/or
securities that the Fund specifies any day that the national securities exchanges are open for business (“Business Day”). An investor may
incur costs attributable to the difference between the highest price a buyer is willing to pay to purchase shares of the Fund (bid) and the
lowest price a seller is willing to accept for shares of the Fund (ask) when buying or selling shares in the secondary market (the “bid-ask
spread”). To access information regarding the Fund’s net asset value, market price, premiums and discounts, and bid-ask spreads, please go
to www.globalxetfs.com.

TAX INFORMATION

The Fund intends to make distributions that may be taxable to you as ordinary income or capital gains, unless you are investing through a
tax-advantaged arrangement such as a 401(k) plan or an individual retirement account ("IRA"), in which case distributions from such tax-
advantaged arrangement may be taxable to you.

PAYMENTS TO BROKER-DEALERS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES

The Adviser and its related companies may pay broker-dealers or other financial intermediaries (such as a bank) for the sale of Fund Shares
and related services. These payments may create a conflict of interest by influencing your broker-dealer, sales persons or other intermediary
or its employees or associated persons to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your financial adviser or visit your financial
intermediary's website for more information.




                                                                     9
